up until just recently I felt that Joe
Montana was the greatest quarterback
that ever played the game
I now reserve that right Gillette
Stadium in Foxborough it's time for
opener for the Patriots in the Buffalo
Bills Tom watches came tonight very
closely I'll watch Tom Brady's left knee
that was an injured knee with New
England Braves win efficiency wins doing
your job he's battling injury he's
exposed to adversity on the football
field and off the football field twice
sports is cool you just don't know what
script is gonna play out you thought
rating comeback may be a little rusty
I'll take care of the millions of bills
they fire their offensive coordinator
ten days ago right
13 Buffalo five and a half to go Captain
America Buddha skateboard is that how
pulling the work complete to the 36 John
where does New England need to go what
do they need to do here well they got to
get into two minutes just like they are
right now this is a to score game and
rabies got four downs he'll be smart
methodical
not drafted in the first round that's
well-documented later in the draft
didn't even start was often pulled at
Michigan
[Music]
it does seem like tom is almost
obsessive still to this day about the
draft and about Michigan and not being
royalty day one in the lead the guy's
the most accomplished quarterback in NFL
history and Bill does carry that chip on
his shoulder it carried it around his
entire career it driven him it's what's
made him great let's show the Buffalo
Bills that this is a football team it's
not a bunch of guys running around out
there in the same jersey this is a
football team
[Applause]
the Patriots
I'm the the same thing he does every
year take over the world
the 1680 seconds whoa
[Applause]
he's trigger in the center to go
throwing sharp slants right now
beep up a girl again
[Music]
[Applause]
and once again Tom Brady finds away at
crunch time deliver at Tiger Woods like
performance if you had to compare up to
any other goat in any other sport they
had to be like Michael Jordan uh so I
think of a winner champion you know the
first things that come to mind when you
mention his name
what he's been able to do in his in his
career I think champion words first now
at the 33 yard line for the Patriots
Brady
[Applause]
David Patten slipped got up made the
catch the ball was delivered right on
the money at the combine when you watch
Tom you saw this tall gangly looking kid
look like having ever seen a weight room
that's blocked by Kevin Faulk
and fall across midfield does he while
you throwing the ball there were some
other guys I could shoot it is for tea
time and that vertical jump in 32 years
of doing this we talked about 576
quarterback he was number 576 Tom Brady
wasn't something happens every year
you're not gonna find that six round
quarterback who becomes a Hall of Fame
this skinny being pulled the young man
walked over and said hi mr. Kraft I want
to introduce myself I'm Tom Brady yes I
know who you are you're our sixth round
draft choice
[Applause]
and I always remember he looked me like
a laser eye to eye and he said that's
right and I'm the best decision this
organization has ever made
[Applause]
this is to advance to the AFC champ
still a puncher's chance for the
Patriots who trail the Saints 5-4 we got
time fellas 70 yards to cover no
timeouts remaining 113 on the clock
minute 13 to go here comes Brady when
after his last pass attempt was
intercepted you thinking well not over
but over not yet there we go buddy
see we got here what makes them so
special is how good he is in the moment
you know when they need that one drive
Tom Brady has been the greatest when the
stakes are the highest and he's done it
repeatedly
down to the 32 yard line
this dude is something special and his
leadership his willingness to embrace
challenges and to overcome them Tommy
Tommy bottom line is he got it done he
got it done in the clutch situation in
clutch situation this dude is second to
none
[Applause]
Dick's Iran in his offense like our
consider there can't relax his defense
can't relax its twenty seven to six but
those are the world champions on the
other side you've got six minutes and 42
seconds to go in the third quarter and
another quarter after that Tom Braden
this offense are so dangerous you got to
keep forwarding
I think it's an athlete in any sport you
admire guys that are consistent yeah I
think a lot of people can have a great
year but if you want to maintain that
over a course of 10-15 years that's when
it becomes difficult
[Applause]
but you didn't know about him that he
was going to give you an opportunity to
win in a critical situation he was going
to take care of the football he wasn't
going to do anything to hurt the team
offensive like he's been through it all
he's weathered every storm he's been
consistent throughout every 2-minute
situation with the game on the line so
the experience knowing how to win in
these big games playing at a certain
level
[Applause]
[Music]
which might
I think he's right in there with Babe
Ruth's Muhammad Ali Michael Jordan and
Tom Brady those are the four guys on my
mouth Russell
thirty-six
he survived the storm better than he
again that's what I've always respected
about it is in the pocket he's fearless
[Applause]
he makes everyone else around him better
no matter who's playing with them no
matter who's on the left or right side
of them he just makes them better
[Applause]
[Music]
Robinson after
he wants to win more than he wants to
glorify himself
he'll do what he has to do to win
[Applause]
how many champion before they're gonna
take advantage of it make you pay and
Mount Brady made the Chicago Bears
regret they ever gave him those like you
Kansas they looked up they were down 17
points by the end of the first quarter
it was 24th and nothing at halftime and
I'm saying to myself this can't be the
papers but again you got Tom Brady Bill
Belichick
[Music]
[Applause]
inside the 20-yard line the first drive
eight plays eighty yards by Tom Brady
the first thing I started saying is up
oh here they come
[Applause]
that's exactly the doctor ordered
they came back and won the game they won
they came back
do something your stomach just told you
that it wasn't over it was never over
just because you got that guy ready the
fact that Tom Brady can go to a party to
speak any party that's what makes him
the greater production the individual
statistics and he's had a revolving door
in terms of the supporting cast around
him from year to year and yet he doesn't
miss a beat he finds a way in the pocket
the deeper guys downfield when there's
chaos around and deliver throw his time
and time again especially in big moments
[Applause]
it goes without saying that Brady will
be in the discussion if he's not already
is one of the best I think he's the
greatest if not the best do you I do I
think he's the greatest that ever played
the game
it was just intensity and Tom he's the
fiercest competitor I've ever been
around
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah I think it is fair to say that we
are right now watching the greatest of
all time
we go this divisional playoff game
let's talk about the Patriots in the
Ravens uh the Patriots are 15 and 4 at
home in the postseason but two of those
four losses games
meanwhile Joe Flacco has the best record
for road win in the NFL during the
trophy
[Music]
anybody doubt Joe Flacco right now you
just saw before - to get the way he
pressed forward and that's the way his
team rallies water
for sex city spikes it we got life
that's the difference
the Pacers don't beat themselves and
when you beat yourself they punished
Brady's career has largely been about
coach ability discipline efficiency
smart willfulness
that computer ballgame right there folks
that could be it does he think his
legacy is not cemented I think he looks
at himself as a six round draft choice
and he's always looking at himself is
that
that's why he compares that's why he
never takes anything granted that's why
he works his butt off and I tell you
every time I will go in there by 36
o'clock good morning he's one of the
first guys in that way
[Applause]
from this point forward I think of the
NFL I think of Tom Brady I think Tom's
completely separated from everybody else
at that position wins records Super Bowl
records Super Bowl appearances I think
he's now the face of the league
he's already carrying a chip say
something about how bad they are how
they're done how they're over with you
don't do that to competitors
the Patriots never feel as though
they're out of the game because Brady I
always tell my friends never pick
against Brady
[Music]
[Applause]
Brandon LaFell and New England finally
has the lead
that's all
I know you're trying to hold you don't
want to talk about it and he did this
with 12 stitches in his life wait
timeout possessions
[Applause]
I'm glad you just said that did I bring
up it was ten stitches did I bring up
anything about his hand in any I've
spoken 300 words whenever I slugging not
about half as many as you have so far
but the point is did I bring up his hand
one time Troy Taylor didn't I did not
mention because I don't need to mention
it it doesn't matter it's a burden 18
for the Patriots third and 18 down by 10
in the fourth quarter
it's get best this bigger throat that's
the big a flex code that you'll see Tom
Brady make the bottom line is Tom Brady
won the game because he ain't falling
off the cliff because
[Applause]
plan without Julian Edelman Gronk gets
hurt
and still in all they father way they've
up 20 to 10
what he did today but that grump was
simply incredible that performance today
catapulted him up to being the best that
ever did this has become almost routine
them in terms of their ability to win
playoff games get to the Super Bowl the
thing is it's as though we're getting
desensitized because we're becoming so
used to Tom Brady engineering
game-winning drives because we're so
used to seeing Tom Brady in the Super
Bowl
the shot ahead to the Super Bowl we've
been in worse situations than this huh
let's go boys it's our time it's hard
time let's go get the critical mass now
at 11:15 left in his football game the
signature play of the last Super Bowl
came on that third and 14 play he and
his buddy huge hint from kam chancellor
somebody catch right there you forget
sometimes with Brady that he was the
199th overall picks up time we in the
media we were mine at all
because that's part of the fire that
burns with Edelman takes them all to the
three yard line
first night in Seoul last night he won
Super Bowl MVP with his greatest
performance ever
[Applause]
I'm going to take zero credit away from
Tom Brady and the Patriots looking for a
fourth quarter drive to take the lead
here at Super Bowl xlix who played the
greatest fourth quarter of his career
QPR of 97 in the fourth quarter against
one of the greatest defenses of all time
in Seattle's defense Edelman out of the
slide send it to him
breaks a tackle
then another takes the ball close to a
first down he is stronger faster and can
throw it better right now than he has at
any time of his career
Tom Brady bricks Super Bowl record the
first half of 20 complete just broke
another Super Bowl record with 36 his
poise his ability to make plays no panic
that's something that carries with him
you know throughout his career and
really what is defined him
[Applause]
half a minute
second and goal I've said it for the
last two weeks that he's the greatest
quarterback of all time
and I said this because over his career
he has done nothing but win football
games
Patriots
20 seconds to go the New England
Patriots by the NFL champion that's the
way I view Tom Brady is he is the
Michael Jordan of football because when
I think of Tom Brady when I hear Brady's
name I think of wins and I think of
generational impact when I hear Jordan I
think of championship wins and
generational impact and Tom Brady's done
the same we are all Patriots and tonight
once again the Patriots a world champion
I thought I saw the symbolic end of when
he leaps out to the best of his ability
and he comes up empty if the divi runs
by him and he lays there I thought that
was the end he's gone
[Applause]
the first ever big six against Tom Brady
in a postseason game
and then for sure it was game over when
the Falcons scored to make it 28 to 3 3
[Applause]
for harder topper everything Captain's
Quarters almost already gone so at some
point you know SATs emergencies got to
be increased here eventually
captain amiracle put a uniform on and
all of a sudden he'll closed again the
sheer will to win by this football team
was incredible
[Applause]
when he pulled off last night was
flat-out impossible
[Applause]
John Brady as it stands right now the
best there is the best of was the best
that ever will be I wasn't I wasn't even
calling and saying that we were coming
back I was loud maybe they'll make it a
little respectable I don't know you
didn't see anybody back down
nobody laid down those guys fought to
the very end
when they got the bumble sir
they show Grady's reaction that was the
first time I actually thought the Pats
Etta James last night Tom Brady didn't
just eclipse the great Joe Montana Tom
Brady eclipsed Michael Jordan as the
greatest clutch player in all of sports
history it's very hard to imagine anyone
thinking at 28 to 3 that the Patriots
could come out of their daughter and
really start attacking
[Applause]
out of that halftime all but dead and uh
a chance to tie New England not only
mounted a comeback but played a
virtually flawless last 45 minutes
spearheaded once again by the go
[Music]
I've never seen anything like this what
I saw last night may be the greatest
performance I've ever seen
[Applause]
hundred yards passing in this game he
had already established his legacy as
the greatest quarterback ever this adds
to it because this is probably the most
incredible part of his legend
[Applause]
boy you got to drop them to come back
from a 25 point deficit when things are
dire and now the biggest two point
[Applause]
Patriots franchise Tom Brady was down to
once he seemed to quit we all got eyes
that school was 28
[Applause]
best ever in my book I said it this week
best I've seen
put on a show here in less 30 minutes
this ballgame and decline
and I was waiting for what I believed
was a Joe Montana moment from Tom Brady
to eclipse him over Joe Montana this was
it I concede I have nothing to say is
the greatest performance I've ever see
said there's no way they're settling for
a field go here they're going to go
right now they're going to score the
opening kickoff for the first ever
overtime in Super Bowl in history a
rally that was next to impossible
more than improbable rainy will started
the 25 and again a touchdown the game is
over to win it with this Drive the Pats
need the sport touchdown
[Applause]
nice little try starter right there
quick little flip up to the side this
game was over at 14 nothing it was over
[Applause]
when everybody counts you out no one
thinks you even have a chance and he
still did it
[Applause]
Ali got his brains beat in for seven or
eight rounds then he knocked Foreman out
and it was it's one of the greatest most
memorable fights of all time we just saw
tom brady's waffle in Houston
[Applause]
we all know he's run a good this was
mythical
that's halo stuff that's AI year that's
104 hit and jumper it's the first time I
walked out and I'm like he's floating to
that locker room what I saw with my own
two eyes
last night was the minting of a goat
[Applause]
by the greatest quarterback what we saw
last night is a conversation ender as to
who the greatest quarterback in the
history of the National Football League
is he is the greatest quarterback that
has ever played he doesn't have the
strongest arm but he's got the greatest
will and pre-snap drive focus endurance
discipline efficiency things that don't
sell on the Kardashian show but things
that provide him with an edge on every
other competitor
[Applause]